The manifold of positive numbers (and according powers) (#217)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/manifolds/positivenumbers.md

# Positive Numbers

> Additionally to the [`PositiveNumbers`](@ref), there are also short forms for its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The manifold [`PositiveNumbers`](@ref) represents positive numbers with hyperbolic geometry. Additionally, there are also short forms for its
```
